c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\ProjectForIgentics.dll.config
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\ProjectForIgentics.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\ProjectForIgentics.pdb
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationServer.Common.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationServer.Http.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationServer.HttpEnhancements.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationServer.Serialization.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationServer.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.QueryComposition.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.ServiceModel.Web.jQuery.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationServer.Common.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationServer.Http.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationServer.HttpEnhancements.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationServer.Serialization.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.Runtime.Serialization.Json.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Microsoft.ServiceModel.Web.jQuery.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\obj\Debug\ProjectForIgentics.dll
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\obj\Debug\ProjectForIgentics.pdb
c:\users\alicja\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectForIgentics\ProjectForIgentics\obj\Debug\ProjectForIgentics.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
